README.md, before:

# About

These color schemes are for PHPStorm 2.x. They are (to my knowledge)
complete for every language PHPStorm supports. The original
documentation about the Solarized color schemes can be found here:
http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized

I recommend using the font "Inconsolata" with this color scheme.

# Installation

Go to Preferences -> Editor -> Colors and Fonts. Create a new color
scheme called "Solarized Light" and another called "Solarized Dark".

Click Apply.

Search your hard drive for a file called "Solarized Light.xml"

Replace that file and the one called "Solarized Dark.xml" with the ones
in my github repository.

On a Mac, you'll find that file at
`~/Library/Preferences/WebIDE10/colors/Solarized Dark.xml`

On a Linux that file is located at
`~/.WebIde10/config/colors/Solarized Dark.xml`

For Windows you're probably on your own. I don't know where
it would be stored.

# Why not package as a .jar?

Because frankly, I think that's a really crappy way of packaging things
and I won't support it. Sorry.

Commit message:

Added location of settings files on Windows

README.md, after:

# About

These color schemes are for PHPStorm 2.x. They are (to my knowledge)
complete for every language PHPStorm supports. The original
documentation about the Solarized color schemes can be found here:
http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized

I recommend using the font "Inconsolata" with this color scheme.

# Installation

Go to Preferences -> Editor -> Colors and Fonts. Create a new color
scheme called "Solarized Light" and another called "Solarized Dark".

Click Apply.

Search your hard drive for a file called "Solarized Light.xml"

Replace that file and the one called "Solarized Dark.xml" with the ones
in my github repository.

On a Mac, you'll find that file at
`~/Library/Preferences/WebIDE10/colors/Solarized Dark.xml`

On Linux the file is located at
`~/.WebIde10/config/colors/Solarized Dark.xml`

On Windows, the files are located in
`C:\Documents and Settings\<Your username>\.WebIde10\config\colors`

# Why not package as a .jar?

Because frankly, I think that's a really crappy way of packaging things
and I won't support it. Sorry.
